Oops, this kid is playing the countdown
Hahahaha
put on airs
Qin Feng, just wait for your face to be disgraced
Not only did Qin Feng have to lose face
At that time
Even the entire Chinese Academy of Sciences will lose face
Huaguo Science
No parade drowned
Will become Xiao Bing internationally
Hahahaha
Qin Feng, are you really sure? Yes
There are still 30 seconds left to see
Chief Qin, I believe in you, Dean Li
You, you, this is too child's play
This striker, he's obviously a liar, shut up.
You are not allowed to slander Chief Qin
What bullshit Chief Gu Chengshi
This striker is obviously a liar
dean
Today you have to bet on the reputation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Then I can only take what you did
Report to the relevant departments
Shame on yourself
You can't pull Huabo and the academy together?
I see this dean
His liar is the evil of the hill
It will only smear our country
Yes, especially the liar Qingfeng
Hmph, he's just a sinner in our country
sinner sinner
Sinners sinners sinners sinners sinners sinners
And the last 10 seconds
Ouch, you still played the countdown, hahahaha.
As a result, you can only lose face
Hahaha 5
Here it comes.